Implement privacy feedback (#90769)
Azure/azure-content: articles/cognitive-services/Face/Face-API-How-to-Topics/how-to-migrate-face-data.md

This same migration strategy also applies to LargePersonGroup and LargeFaceList objects. If you aren't familiar with the concepts in this guide, see their definitions in the [Face recognition concepts](../concepts/face-recognition.md) guide. This guide uses the Face .NET client library with C#.

> [!WARNING]

> > The Snapshot feature will move your data outside the geo you select for your resource to West US, West Europe and Southeast Asia.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The Snapshot feature may move your data outside the geographic region you originally selected. Snapshots are stored in the West US, West Europe and Southeast Asia regions.
```
reworded. Is this accurate?

> > The Snapshot feature may move your data outside the geographic region you originally selected. Data may move to West US, West Europe and Southeast Asia regions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> The Snapshot feature might move your data outside the geographic region you originally selected. Data might move to West US, West Europe, and Southeast Asia regions.
```
Minor style edits
